---
permalink: /
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---
I am a distributed systems researcher at IBM Almaden Research Center. My
research interests lie at the intersection of distributed systems and machine
learning. The overarching goal of my research is to enable efficient and flexible systems
for the growing data demands of modern applications, like distributed machine
learning, running on existing as well as emerging computing platforms. My
ongoing work focuses on (1) Distributed Machine/Federated Learning systems, (2)
Serverless and microservice-based systems, and (3) Efficient storage for Docker
containers.

I joined IBM Research Almaden in June of 2018 as a Research Staff
Member in the AI Platforms team. I hold a Ph.D. degree in Computer Science from
Virginia Tech (VT). In my earlier years (2009 to 2013), I worked as a tools
developer on various open source projects (GNU GDB, Embedded Linux, and
BusyBox) at Mentor Graphics.

I have received Best Paper Awards from ACM AISec 2019 on my work on privacy
preserving Federated Learning and DGS EGOV 2020 on e-government implementations
and applications.  At IBM, I have been recognized as a 2019 Outstanding
Research Accomplishment winner for "Advancing Adversarial Robustness in AI
Models". In 2020, I received two Research Accomplishment awards for my research
on i) Enterprise-Strength Federated Learning for Hybrid Cloud and Edge, and ii)
Container Storage. Most recently, I have been recognized with a 2021
Outstanding Technical Achievement Award on my contributions to the
"Enterprise-Strength Federated Learning for Hybrid Cloud and Edge". I am also a
co-inventor of 10+ U.S. patents.
